c:\users\gawlorob\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MyStoreBest\UnitTests\bin\Debug\UnitTests.dll
c:\users\gawlorob\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MyStoreBest\UnitTests\bin\Debug\UnitTests.pdb
c:\users\gawlorob\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MyStoreBest\UnitTests\bin\Debug\Castle.Core.dll
c:\users\gawlorob\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MyStoreBest\UnitTests\bin\Debug\Moq.dll
c:\users\gawlorob\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MyStoreBest\UnitTests\bin\Debug\Ninject.dll
c:\users\gawlorob\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MyStoreBest\UnitTests\bin\Debug\Castle.Core.xml
c:\users\gawlorob\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MyStoreBest\UnitTests\bin\Debug\Moq.xml
c:\users\gawlorob\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MyStoreBest\UnitTests\bin\Debug\Ninject.xml
c:\users\gawlorob\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MyStoreBest\UnitTests\obj\Debug\UnitTests.dll
c:\users\gawlorob\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MyStoreBest\UnitTests\obj\Debug\UnitTests.pdb
c:\users\gawlorob\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MyStoreBest\UnitTests\bin\Debug\UnitTests.dll.config
c:\users\gawlorob\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MyStoreBest\UnitTests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\gawlorob\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MyStoreBest\UnitTests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\gawlorob\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MyStoreBest\UnitTests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\gawlorob\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MyStoreBest\UnitTests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\gawlorob\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MyStoreBest\UnitTests\obj\Debug\UnitTests.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\gawlorob\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MyStoreBest\UnitTests\bin\Debug\Domain.dll
c:\users\gawlorob\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MyStoreBest\UnitTests\bin\Debug\WebUI.dll
c:\users\gawlorob\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MyStoreBest\UnitTests\bin\Debug\Domain.pdb
c:\users\gawlorob\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MyStoreBest\UnitTests\bin\Debug\WebUI.pdb
C:\Users\gawlorob\Documents\Projects\MVCStore\MvcStore\UnitTests\bin\Debug\UnitTests.dll.config
C:\Users\gawlorob\Documents\Projects\MVCStore\MvcStore\UnitTests\bin\Debug\UnitTests.dll
C:\Users\gawlorob\Documents\Projects\MVCStore\MvcStore\UnitTests\bin\Debug\UnitTests.pdb
C:\Users\gawlorob\Documents\Projects\MVCStore\MvcStore\UnitTests\bin\Debug\Castle.Core.dll
C:\Users\gawlorob\Documents\Projects\MVCStore\MvcStore\UnitTests\bin\Debug\Domain.dll
C:\Users\gawlorob\Documents\Projects\MVCStore\MvcStore\UnitTests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\gawlorob\Documents\Projects\MVCStore\MvcStore\UnitTests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\gawlorob\Documents\Projects\MVCStore\MvcStore\UnitTests\bin\Debug\Moq.dll
C:\Users\gawlorob\Documents\Projects\MVCStore\MvcStore\UnitTests\bin\Debug\Ninject.dll
C:\Users\gawlorob\Documents\Projects\MVCStore\MvcStore\UnitTests\bin\Debug\WebUI.dll
C:\Users\gawlorob\Documents\Projects\MVCStore\MvcStore\UnitTests\bin\Debug\Domain.pdb
C:\Users\gawlorob\Documents\Projects\MVCStore\MvcStore\UnitTests\bin\Debug\WebUI.pdb
C:\Users\gawlorob\Documents\Projects\MVCStore\MvcStore\UnitTests\bin\Debug\Castle.Core.xml
C:\Users\gawlorob\Documents\Projects\MVCStore\MvcStore\UnitTests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\gawlorob\Documents\Projects\MVCStore\MvcStore\UnitTests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\gawlorob\Documents\Projects\MVCStore\MvcStore\UnitTests\bin\Debug\Moq.xml
C:\Users\gawlorob\Documents\Projects\MVCStore\MvcStore\UnitTests\bin\Debug\Ninject.xml
C:\Users\gawlorob\Documents\Projects\MVCStore\MvcStore\UnitTests\obj\Debug\UnitTests.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\gawlorob\Documents\Projects\MVCStore\MvcStore\UnitTests\obj\Debug\UnitTests.dll
C:\Users\gawlorob\Documents\Projects\MVCStore\MvcStore\UnitTests\obj\Debug\UnitTests.pdb
